---
layout: post
title: My take on biased commentary about The Chick-fil-a debacle
date: 2012-08-02 02:37
author: clossmans2
comments: true
categories: [christ follower, current-events, first amendment rights, human-rights, politics, religion, Uncategorized]
---
If a private company (let me reiterate by saying it's not owned by the government) decides to donate money or products services to a non-profit organization that is based on islamic values, does that mean that the private company is a supporter of terrorists? If I make money at a job everyday and decide to fill up at the Citgo station instead of the Shell, am I a supporter of Venezuelan dictators? Finally, If I am a Christ Follower, If I attend a church, If I tithe, and I believe what the Bible says, does that make me anti-gay?
If the whole business with Chick-fil-a happened in a public organization or in a government office, I would expect some serious consequences should occur. But you see, the thing is, we live in a somewhat capitalist, somewhat free-market society. Private businesses exist. Private businesses are basically individuals. They are afforded the same first amendment rights that all Americans share. Sure we can say what we feel in response. We can always support businesses that we believe in or choose not to frequent businesses whose beliefs dont align with our own. Sometimes we dont have a choice. I do not necessarily agree with Wal-Mart's tactics on "hustling" their suppliers into lower prices due to large production volume, or their tendency to come into an area and wipe out small business due to in inability for them to compete, but there's not much else I can do when I need toliet paper or groceries that I finally had time to go shopping for at midnight.
For some reason, people like to stir up hate. Bloggers and the media (but not all media) have an agenda. Should we believe and agree with everything we read on the internet. That's about as smart as writing your doctorate with Wikipedia as your primary source.
Think about it this way. Unless you are watching C-SPAN, most media outlets are owned by private companies. Private companies have and exercise their first amendment rights just as much as we do. A firm commitment to an unbiased stream of information is a value of broadcast's past. Today slants exist on both sides and people tell stories to get you to see things their way. Before you make a decision based on what CNN, Fox, or some popular blog said, why don't you take the time to look up the information yourself. Make sure you have all the facts from a variety of sources. Leave emotion at your front door and see the issue from all sides. If you still come to the same decision, you have every right to that opinion. Just don't expect me to jump right in on your bandwagon and follow you blindly into the night. I learned a long time ago not to believe everything you hear. Take that as you will, and leave negative responses to this post, but don't ever expect me to support what you believe until you have your information from the horse's mouth and can lead me to this "mysterious talking horse".

I am a Christian. I believe in Christian values. If Chick-fil-a continues to operate on Christian values, then they can expect my support and patronage. If they decide to change, then maybe I won't support them, but you won't see me speaking half truths on what I heard from a guy that heard from the news that saw on a blog that cited some random wikipedia article that claims to have spoken directly to the source about how they suddenly are anti-polar bear. I'll find out for myself, and if someone wants to know why I don't eat there anymore, I'll tell them what I know and believe. No more and no less.

Just in case you didn't do your research, here's the quotes i've found. I'm not 100% sure Dan Cathy never said that he or his company are "anti-gay", but in my own personal research I haven't been able to locate any instances of it happening. As far as the donations to charities with Anti-Gay agenda's, the charity they give to supports the christian idea of what makes up a family unit. It's a Christian organization. If you believe that's anti-gay, by the same logic shouldn't you also believe that any/all Christians are anti-gay? If not, feel free to explain. I will actually listen to opinions with legitimate sources of information that back them, but if you plan on just blasting me and calling me ignorant, consider your sources, and the person you see in the mirror. That is all.:

“We don’t claim to be a Christian business,” Cathy told the Biblical Recorder in a recent visit to North Carolina. He attended a business leadership conference many years ago where he heard Christian businessman Fred Roach say, “There is no such thing as a Christian business.”

“That got my attention,” Cathy said. Roach went on to say, “Christ never died for a corporation. He died for you and me.”

“In that spirit … [Christianity] is about a personal relationship. Companies are not lost or saved, but certainly individuals are,” Cathy added. “But as an organization we can operate on biblical principles. So that is what we claim to be. [We are] based on biblical principles, asking God and pleading with God to give us wisdom on decisions we make about people and the programs and partnerships we have. And He has blessed us.” The company invests in Christian growth and ministry through its WinShape Foundation (WinShape.com). The name comes from the idea of shaping people to be winners. It began as a college scholarship and expanded to a foster care program, an international ministry, and a conference and retreat center modeled after the Billy Graham Training Center at the Cove.

“That morphed into a marriage program in conjunction with national marriage ministries,” Cathy added.

Some have opposed the company’s support of the traditional family. “Well, guilty as charged,” said Cathy when asked about the company’s position. “We are very much supportive of the family — the biblical definition of the family unit. …

“We are very much committed to that,” Cathy emphasized. “We intend to stay the course,” he said. “We know that it might not be popular with everyone, but thank the Lord, we live in a country where we can share our values and operate on biblical principles.”
