---
layout: post
title: Some of my late night thoughts about being Romantic
date: 2012-09-03 08:01
author: clossmans2
comments: true
categories: [Uncategorized]
---
Yet another slice of the old facebook notes.  The title on this one is self explanatory.  Here goes...

(If you read this with anything by Explosions in the Sky from their Friday night lights album playing, it seems to make it so much better)


A couple of nights ago, a friend of mine and I were sitting in my room discussing previous relationships and the issues that were included in them when all of a sudden, a revelation hit me. I started thinking about what being romantic really is. Dictionary.com defines romance as this:

. a novel or other prose narrative depicting heroic or marvelous deeds, pageantry, romantic exploits, etc., usually in a historical or imaginary setting.

2. the colorful world, life, or conditions depicted in such tales.

3. a medieval narrative, originally one in verse and in some Romance dialect, treating of heroic, fantastic, or supernatural events, often in the form of allegory.

4. a baseless, made-up story, usually full of exaggeration or fanciful invention.

5. a romantic spirit, sentiment, emotion, or desire.

6. romantic character or quality.

7. a romantic affair or experience; a love affair.



But when I started thinking about it, I saw a lot of parallels but a lot of differences from this definition. Romance to me is all about the little things. Most people see it as a candlelit dinner, watching a sunset from the top of a mountain or on the beach, or after looking up at the stars and thinking about all the moments you were together while lying in each others arms. I will concede that these things are romantic, but there’s so much more in the world of romanticism. Romanticism to me seems to be much more. People love to watch movies where noble acts occur. Whether its someone sacrificing their life to save the lives of thousands, or giving up everything that one knows to be true in order to ultimately win what seems to be the greatest prize of all. Like when someone steps outside of themselves for a moment and becomes altruistic enough to realize its not about them. It seems like every romantic chick flick seems to have this element. The guy turns his back on the biggest job promotion of his life for the one chance he has left to get back together with the one who changed who he is a person, the one he wants to spend the rest of his life with. Another example is when the guy sacrifices it all so that the one that meant the most to him can live the rest of their life. I believe that all of this is romantic. I also believe that this innate sense of romanticism that we all possess was given to us by our Creator. I mean when you look at the story, it’s the greatest love saga the world has ever known. God loved each and every one of us so much that he gave the last thing that he had, himself, so that we could be with us for eternity. He came to earth and made himself to be just like us, then sacrificed himself on the cross. He took the most painful and torturous means of death so that each and every one of us could be with him in the end. This pattern seems to be copied in most of the best love movies I have ever seen. I believe there’s a lot to romance that goes unnoticed. Romantic to me really is riding the fine line between spontaneous and planned. And to diverge a little bit from the main focus, I believe this is one of the many reasons for attraction between guys and girls. Girls who usually plan their lives out seem to sometimes have a thing for “Bad boys”. Girls see these guys as wild and untamed. They see these guys as a challenge even though at the very backs of their minds they kind of know they wont be able to tame these guys. They try to tackle what seems to be impossible. At what cost? Heartbreak? But in all honesty, the benefits of it really working do kind of outweigh the costs of it falling through. Girls seem to be attracted to the guys on the opposite side of the spectrum. Girls who fall on the planned side seem to want to be with guys who fall on the spontaneous side. This seems to hurt the odds for us Christian guys. To those girls, we seem to have a plan, and have a general knowledge of what we want to do with our lives. Even if this may not be true for these guys, we seem to be labeled like this because of the image we portray. Just because we have a good head on our shoulders and are responsible does not mean that we aren’t spontaneous or know exactly where our life is heading. This pattern seems to follow the law of opposites attracting. Which brings me back on topic to say that I believe romance is really riding the line between spontaneous and planned. Most people see romance is intimacy with isolation, but I say that anything can be romantic. Romance seems to follow the way I speak to large crowds. I plan and prepare a speech by writing down the main points in bullets, but I never write out the words in the middle. I speak knowing where I am heading with my speech, but I never know where I might journey along the way. That’s all left to spontaneity. So the balance between off the cuff and written down is what makes it so powerful. I may plan to take a walk around campus with my girlfriend, but before the trip begins, I don’t know where that will take us. The spontaneous part of this romantic walk comes when suddenly the sprinklers turn on and we turn into little kids as we race through the streaming water. You can never account for the times when you may climb a tree or sit on the front porch of tillman in rocking chairs just to talk, or sneaking into one of the secret gardens at night, or even hopping in the car midway through to venture out into the countryside of rock hill to lay out in the middle of a field and look up at the stars above. These things are never planned out, they just happen. So to sum it all up, romantic is not just an adjective describing a planned out event where two people are alone together. Romantic is more about riding the fine line between what you expect to happen, and what you happens that you didn’t plan for. Romanticism is all about the journey. Where you start and finish doesn’t matter. Its how you get there that makes whatever you’re doing special. People get so caught up in the details of how things are supposed to happen and don’t have time to stop and think about what is actually happening and enjoying the time that you do have. To finish it all up, romance is truly a combination of the isolation and intimacy that a couple has, but its also about the little things. It may just be flowers and a card, but when you add in the element of correct timing you find that these two items on an off day can mean the world to someone. It may be the most haphazard date ever, but if said at the right time, those magical three words, “I love you”, make the time being spent seem like the best moments of your life. Romance is about balancing the little things in spontaneity and allowing some room to play in the master plan while remembering that its really the journey that makes all the difference. – Seth D. Clossman ©
