---
layout: post
title: Life Is...
date: 2012-08-13 08:01
author: clossmans2
comments: true
tags: "Uncategorized"
---
This would be part two in the old facebook notes series.  This particular one is entitled "Life is..." and is a metaphor about the way I felt about life on October 22, 2006...

I was thinking the other day, and all of a sudden, this awesome metaphor came into my mind. I'm not 100% sure where it came from(mabye God) but it just seemed really awesome, awesome enough that i should write it down.




"Life is like a humonguous puzzle." When you start off, you have a lot of pieces spread out before you. You aren't really sure what you're doing so people show you how to do everything. They basically do everything for you until you learn yourself what pieces go where. Some people start off with more intricate and beautiful puzzles than others, but everybody has a puzzle unique to themselves. Everybody has all the pieces to their puzzle before they start laid out before them, but some just take longer to put it together than others. The funny thing is, that most people get almost all of it put together, and then the piece they try to put in the middle that would normally finish it off and make everything work either doesnt fit, or suddenly dissolves into thin air. People look around at everyone elses pieces, and look in different places trying to fill that one spot that seems so empty with everything that seems like it might fit. People know what they have to do to get it, they just dont feel like putting in the effort. The puzzle maker is the only one who has the piece. He only gives people who are good friends with him the last piece, although he wants everyone to have it, people just are afraid of making the effort to come talk with him every once in a while. Thats all he asks to help you finish your puzzle. The last piece is the only one that cant be replicated because its shaped as a cross and happens to be the pride and joy of the puzzle maker. Without that one piece, people might as well trash their puzzles, because the failure one feels after not being able to finish their puzzles in the time they are given is forever saddening. The piece is their in front of everyone, just nobody will accept that they cant finish the puzzle with what they started with without asking for help. Those that finish, enjoy true satisfaction. Those people are able to help others and the puzzle world becomes a better place....
