---
layout: post
title: Day 0 - 'twas the night before Charlotte 
date: 2013-05-29 07:30
author: clossmans2
comments: true
tags: 
 - "New Father"
 - "Personal Life"
 
---
And so it begins...

A few months back, I mentioned to my wife that one goal I had for the birth of our daughter was to blog updates and my thoughts as a new dad for the first 30 days of her life.  We watched as those months pretty quickly chipped away.  I lay now in the hospital bed about 10 feet away from my 10 month pregnant wife.  She's been a ball of nerves leading up to this point but now she's calmed down and has spent the last few hours just trying to take it all in.  It's 3:30am on the morning of my daughters birth and typical Seth can't sleep.  Emotions in me are always subtle but pervasive.  It's very similar to the feeling I used to have as a child on Christmas Eve when I was trying to fall asleep before Santa Clause's arrival.  The house was spotless.  All of the decorations were up.  The only thing left to do was to fall asleep and put aside the incredible feeling of anticipation that I had for the coming morning.

But this time is a little different...

You see, my wife and I made the decision to vegan trying for a child a little more than 10 months ago.  We tried to plan the conception to take place at the moment when we could maximize the amount of time when my wife could stay home with our daughter.  Because she teaches for a living, that meant we had to time it to happen just before summer.  It all happened so fast.  Looking back, those months are a blur.  From Grad school to changes at work, everything started to change.  God moved in and suddenly our whole perspective on it all changed.  Although we were the factors that went in to creating the life that's still inside my wife's womb at the moment, God was the one who brought the correct pair together and actually made it all happen.  After the stories we'd heard from our friends and family, we were lucky to have such an uneventful and smooth pregnancy.

This night though, I'm not looking forward to a new dirtbike, a brand new set of tools, or a Red Rider BB Gun.  Tonight Im in eager anticipation to see my daughter.  My own flesh and blood.  I'm eager to see the parts or myself in her. I'm eager to be her knight in shining armor.  I'm excited to possibly have someone I can help to grow and learn.  The chance to have a relationship with God's gift to my family.  I look forward to meeting her gaze for the first time tomorrow night.  I have no doubt that she'll capture every bit of my heart.  
I should probably sleep now.  Goodnight old life.  Hello new child. Thanks God!
